README.md, before:

# JBoss ON automation

Welcome to Jboss ON automation repository. You can find RHQ or JBoss ON related automation frameworks and integration tests here.

There are several projects:

* **sahi** - sahi framework & JBoss ON Core automation
* **clitest** - cli framework & JBoss ON CLI automation
* **common** - module with common stuff 
* **rest-java** - JBoss ON REST API automation written in java
* **rest-python** - JBoss ON REST API automation written in python
* **rest-groovy** - JBoss ON REST API automation written in groovy
* ...

For more details about each project, go to it's source folder and check README.

#### How do I run all this?
First you need to build it. Get latest [gradle] (http://gradle.org), navigate to the root of this repository and run:
```
gradle clean install
```

#### How do I reuse this framework?

Take a look at [clojars.org] (http://clojars.org/jon-automation) 

#### How do I contribute? 
Great, we're happy for that. Just fork our repo and send pull request. If you are using Eclipse IDE, you might run:
```
gradle eclipse
```
which generates all eclipse project files required for successfull import.

#### License
GPL License

Commit message:

Test commit/pull reques to 3.2 branch

README.md, after:

# JBoss ON automation

Welcome to Jboss ON automation repository. You can find RHQ or JBoss ON related automation frameworks and integration tests here.

This branch was created to support JON 3.2.x releases.  New development should be done in master.  

There are several projects:

* **sahi** - sahi framework & JBoss ON Core automation
* **clitest** - cli framework & JBoss ON CLI automation
* **common** - module with common stuff 
* **rest-java** - JBoss ON REST API automation written in java
* **rest-python** - JBoss ON REST API automation written in python
* **rest-groovy** - JBoss ON REST API automation written in groovy
* ...

For more details about each project, go to it's source folder and check README.

#### How do I run all this?
First you need to build it. Get latest [gradle] (http://gradle.org), navigate to the root of this repository and run:
```
gradle clean install
```

#### How do I reuse this framework?

Take a look at [clojars.org] (http://clojars.org/jon-automation) 

#### How do I contribute? 
Great, we're happy for that. Just fork our repo and send pull request. If you are using Eclipse IDE, you might run:
```
gradle eclipse
```
which generates all eclipse project files required for successfull import.

#### License
GPL License
